Well, it's finally happened. You think you found the person of your dreams, and now you're hopelessly in love
Or are you?
How can you tell if it's really love?
The key is you've got to learn the differences between attraction and
Fatuation
and actual love
Attraction is based on what you see. You know how a person looks and acts. The problem is what you see
isn't always what you get
So then what is infatuation?
Infatuation is not only about what you see. It's about how you feel.
You may have romantic feelings, but those feelings can change.
And fast
Infatuation may seem like love, but because it's based only on how you feel at the moment
It can just fall apart
So how do you know if it's really love? One that will last
Real love grows when two people are kind
Hard working and share the same spiritual outlook
At first Corinthians 13 verse 5 the Bible says that real love doesn't look for its own interests
For example that guy you like so much
How does he handle money? Does he have to drink alcohol to have a good time?
What are his goals?
Is he really working toward them?
Or is he all talk and no action?
And what about that girl you just can't stop thinking about
Who are her friends?
How does she treat them? How does she treat her family?
There's a lot to learn about another person
It takes time
So before you get swept off your feet
Remember attraction is based on what you see
infatuation is based on what you feel
But real love is based on what you know